feat: update GTDB-Tk to v2.7.2 / GTDB r232 (#1044)
nf-core/mag: docs/usage.md

> This database is very large at ~110 GB!
> This can take a long time, so we strongly recommend downloading and unzipping prior the pipeline run.

> This database can be downloaded from the GTDB developers' website. The current pipeline default points to [the GTDB-Tk r232 full package](https://data.gtdb.aau.ecogenomic.org/releases/release232/232.0/auxillary_files/gtdbtk_package/full_package/gtdbtk_r232_data.tar.gz), which is hosted in Australia (and could be slow for other regions of the world).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This database can be downloaded from the GTDB developers' website. The current pipeline default points to [the GTDB-Tk r232 full package](https://data.gtdb.aau.ecogenomic.org/releases/release232/232.0/auxillary_files/gtdbtk_package/full_package/gtdbtk_r232_data.tar.gz), which is hosted in Europe (and could be slow for other regions of the world).
See the [GTDB downloads page](https://gtdb.ecogenomic.org/downloads) for other mirrors.
```

The AAU link is Europe based
